Update whats-new-in-preview.md (#371)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/whats-new-in-preview.md

This month, we're going to focus on all the improvements we've made to the areas affectionately referred to as "Billing and subscriptions". In the past, you probably didn't refer to those things affectionately, but we think you will now...
- **Payment methods** - We heard your feedback that updating your payment method was difficult and we've made a lot of changes around it. Go to **Billing** > **Payment methods**. You can easily see your payment methods, like your Visa card, and which subscription it is associated with. In your list of payment methods, select the **More** menu (3 little dots next to the expiration date), and then select **View subscriptions**. You can also edit and delete your payment methods using the **More** menu.
- **Billing account** - Targeted release customers will see the new Billing account page first and then we'll roll it out to world-wide. When it's available for you, go to **Billing** > **Billing account**. What can you do on the new billing account page? I'm glad you asked:

>     - Update the address and other contact information in your organizational profile directly from this page. You don't have to go to **Settings** > **Organization profile**, unless you want to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Update the address and other contact information in your organizational profile directly from this page. There is no need to go to **Settings** > **Organization profile**, unless you want to.
```

>     - And we're making life easier for Direct or Volume licensing customers, you can accept and review customer agreements from **Billing accounts**. You can also link together orgs that you manage to share licenses and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - And we're also making life easier for Direct or Volume licensing customers. You can now accept and review customer agreements from **Billing accounts**. You can also link together orgs that you manage to share licenses and resources.
```

>     - And we're making life easier for Direct or Volume licensing customers, you can accept and review customer agreements from **Billing accounts**. You can also link together orgs that you manage to share licenses and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - And we're making life easier for Direct or Volume licensing customers. You can now accept and review customer agreements from **Billing accounts**, and link together orgs that you manage to share licenses and resources.
```
